improve nav link descriptions; CLI section layout fixes. (#210)
uyuni-project/uyuni-docs: modules/salt/pages/salt-useful-commands.adoc

[[salt.useful-commands]]
= Often Used Salt Commands

> This section contains the often used Salt commands.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section contains the most commonly used Salt commands.
```
